# SQA-manager
车位管理
Abstract

As economy, science and technology develop in modern society, many changes have come to pass in the way people travel. It is no longer confined to the traditional way, but has a more diversified choice. The rapid development of the Internet accelerated speed has profoundly affected people’s traveling, such as Di-Di drops and Mo-Bai bicycle. however, as the economic development has promoted people’s living standards, more and more families own one or more private cars, increasing the demand for parking spaces. Purchasing parking space can solve the problem of personal parking issues, but the fixed location of the parking space limits the parking users, as the parking space will not always be used, causing the waste of resource. Nowadays, more and more public parking lots have appeared int people’s lives. they can use the parking spaces through renting. This approach is widely acclaimed in such increasingly congested cities. However, the problem is that people can not find public parking areas quickly or there are no public parking areas. Therefore, the wisdom community based on the Internet has become one of the convenient ways to solve the problem. The use of shared parking spaces as a method to reasonable division both satisfy the demand for parking and the social sustainable development.

The system is a practical system developed with JavaEE and developed for people with private car and the demand for car use. The system builds a web application and JavaBean entity encapsulation and Servlet technology to process the data requested from the user to the server, and uses the JSP technology, JQuery, CSS and HTML5 to layout and process business logic. It also uses MySQL to store data.

It is convenient for users to operation in this system. They can lease a free shared parking space by filtering in the designated area after login. You can place an order directly after submitting your own license plate number. You can use your parking space if you order successfully. When the use is over, you need to pay for the order and complete an order. Convenient operation can bring users a excellent experience, while accurate data can also ensure that the user's rights in use are protected. Compared with the cumbersome and real-time operation of searching for parking spaces in reality, the system can significantly reduce the operation time and the simple operation steps when used, allowing users to enjoy the convenience brought by the smart community-shared parking spaces.

【Keywords】 Smart Community, Shared Parking, Online Leasing
